why out of their internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about how we learn to stop worrying and
love colonization the United States
throughout our history we have been an
anti colonial entity right no taxation
without representation that whole
concept that whole idea that we were
just beleaguered colonies who found our
independence it is part of the American
mythology it's it's what we are yet
along the way we became a colonial power
and I'm not just talking about the
eighteen 1900s I'm talking about now
today and we've just learned to accept
it
what is colonialism what is it what's
the definition what happens you set up
within an area that is not part of your
national territory and you extract the
wealth you try to make them more like
you save them from themselves and
normally this is backed up by a military
force
it's what colonialism is granted today
we don't show up and plant a flag and
say this is ours now we allow our
corporations to show up and plant their
logos but it's still backed up by
military force we've grown so accustomed
and so in love with the idea and so
dedicated to the belief that we not only
can but have the absolute right to do it
that when they protest at one of our
embassies we act shocked when they when
they when they fight back we're just
appalled
if that's true and you don't believe
that the colonized people have a right
to do that and I got some crazy stuff to
tell you about some of the stuff the
founding fathers did in the early days a
protest at an embassy was pretty low on
the list to be honest but we've grown
accustomed to it we believe it's all
right
we are shocked and dismayed when our
troops thousands of miles from our
borders in countries that don't want us
there get attacked and the idea well we
have to support the troops support the
troops get them out of harm's way get
them out of harm's way
stop letting them become fodder for
major corporations profit margins that
would be supporting the troops in my
mind but here we are every day and we
just accept it we don't accept it we
love it the American people in general
love this we're all over the world the
American Empire we are a colonial empire
and it's sad because we've learned
nothing throughout history we are at the
point in history where we can colonize
Mars or we can stay here and fight over
rocks minerals
just like every other colonial entity as
it grows we begin to be upset at the
aliens among us those from other places
they show up and while they just don't
they're not like us and so they suffer
the wrath that we visit upon their
countries that's how they got here
our conduits work about the ways so we
become terrified of the alien among us
because we're terrified of them over
there the only alien I'm scared of my
ones up there let's go meet them see
what they're like maybe they can teach
us because we've still got a lot to
learn as we applaud the ever expanding
empire that's just something we should
keep in mind we have become exactly what
the founders opposed anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night